README.md, before:

# Pokémon Emerald EX Speedchoice

To set up the repository, see [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md).

For the tool to actually randomize the warps go here https://kittypboxx.github.io/Emerald-Ex-Map-Rando/dist/RomMaker

## See also

Other disassembly and/or decompilation projects:
* [**Pokémon Red and Blue**](https://github.com/pret/pokered)
* [**Pokémon Gold and Silver (Space World '97 demo)**](https://github.com/pret/pokegold-spaceworld)
* [**Pokémon Yellow**](https://github.com/pret/pokeyellow)
* [**Pokémon Trading Card Game**](https://github.com/pret/poketcg)
* [**Pokémon Pinball**](https://github.com/pret/pokepinball)
* [**Pokémon Stadium**](https://github.com/pret/pokestadium)
* [**Pokémon Gold and Silver**](https://github.com/pret/pokegold)
* [**Pokémon Crystal**](https://github.com/pret/pokecrystal)
* [**Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire**](https://github.com/pret/pokeruby)
* [**Pokémon Pinball: Ruby & Sapphire**](https://github.com/pret/pokepinballrs)
* [**Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen**](https://github.com/pret/pokefirered)
* [**Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Red Rescue Team**](https://github.com/pret/pmd-red)

Commit message:

Repo out of date warning

README.md, after:

> [!WARNING]
> This repo is now out of date, it has been replaced by the following:
>
> BASE ROM: https://github.com/KittyPBoxx/pokeemerald-ex-speedchoice-maprando-gen9/tree/speedchoice-maprando
>
> UPR + MAP RANDO: https://github.com/KittyPBoxx/upr-speedchoice-ex-gen9 
>

# Pokémon Emerald EX Speedchoice

To set up the repository, see [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md).

For the tool to actually randomize the warps go here https://kittypboxx.github.io/Emerald-Ex-Map-Rando/dist/RomMaker

## See also

Other disassembly and/or decompilation projects:
* [**Pokémon Red and Blue**](https://github.com/pret/pokered)
* [**Pokémon Gold and Silver (Space World '97 demo)**](https://github.com/pret/pokegold-spaceworld)
* [**Pokémon Yellow**](https://github.com/pret/pokeyellow)
* [**Pokémon Trading Card Game**](https://github.com/pret/poketcg)
* [**Pokémon Pinball**](https://github.com/pret/pokepinball)
* [**Pokémon Stadium**](https://github.com/pret/pokestadium)
* [**Pokémon Gold and Silver**](https://github.com/pret/pokegold)
* [**Pokémon Crystal**](https://github.com/pret/pokecrystal)
* [**Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire**](https://github.com/pret/pokeruby)
* [**Pokémon Pinball: Ruby & Sapphire**](https://github.com/pret/pokepinballrs)
* [**Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen**](https://github.com/pret/pokefirered)
* [**Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Red Rescue Team**](https://github.com/pret/pmd-red)
